Added ESLint upgrade instructions to middleware upgrade guide (#38008)
vercel/next.js: errors/middleware-upgrade-guide.md

You can start upgrading your Middleware usage today with the latest canary release (`npm i next@canary`).

> If you have ESLint configured, you will need to run `npm i eslint-config-next@canary --force` to upgrade your ESLint configuration to the latest canary release. You might also need to restart VSCode for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have ESLint configured, you will need to run `npm i eslint-config-next@canary --save-dev` to upgrade your ESLint configuration to the latest canary release. You might also need to restart VSCode for the changes to take effect.
```
I don't think the force flag needs to be recommended here, did you run into issues without it? We do recommend this be a devDependency though

Author: Yeah I ran into this issue without using `--force`:

![CleanShot 2022-06-24 at 22 47 14](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/28986134/175757323-441e3de6-207d-4626-a59a-75bbf9d7dcbd.png)

Author: VSCode told me to use `--force` and that resolved the issue

Reviewer: Hmm I think we can remove the `peerDependency` to resolve that as it's technically not needed

Reviewer: Opened PR to fix this here https://github.com/vercel/next.js/pull/38009

Reviewer 2: I also don't think this needs to mention `canary`? Maybe say that the version should match the `next` version?

> If you have ESLint configured, you will need to run `npm i eslint-config-next@canary --save-dev` to upgrade your ESLint configuration to the latest canary release. You might also need to restart VSCode for the changes to take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have ESLint configured, you will need to run `npm i eslint-config-next@canary --save-dev` to upgrade your ESLint configuration to ensure the same version is being used as the Next.js version. You might also need to restart VSCode for the changes to take effect.
```
